Title: Coding in vim until I forget a command
Video ID: aiquTLpHJa4
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiquTLpHJa4

Hello, I'm Silvin Franklin or some
people call me Vimothy Shalom√©. I think
cuz I look like that guy from Dune,
which is weird. I don't really think I
look like Zenaia, but whatever. I'm just
a programmer. Today, I'm going to be
using Vim until I forget one of the
commands. This should be a short video.
Let's get into it. All right, middle
management has sent over some AI
generated slop they want turned into a
website. It's all in markdown cuz that's
the only language they can understand,
but that's okay. I can do the conversion
to HTML. Actually, they won't let me use
HTML. Everything needs to be spelt now
that our product manager has seen that
one Fire ship video about it. So I'm
going to start by deleting this heading.
And I want to convert these into
TypeScript objects I can iterate over.
So to do that, I'm going to run a global
command with percent. That command is
going to be norm. And that'll let me
start executing normal mode commands. XX
to delete the first two things. Some
people would say do 2X, but just think
about that for one second before you say
that. And then I'm going to go F2 to
pipe. And then I want to delete to the
next pipe. So just to get rid of that
middle color cuz I mean look how
pretentious I'm sunset orange.
Seriously. Then I'm going to go d
semicolon which repeats the last
movement command. And now to get rid of
the last pipe I'm just going to go
dollar sign to get to the end and then
X. Pretty easy. Boom. That looks good. I
don't want to work with their RGB codes
though. I'd rather work with hex codes.
Luckily I do a good amount of web
development and I've come across this
before. So I have an auto command that
inserts a converter reax into register C
for me. So I can enter command mode
control-r to paste from a register C
which is the color. That's how I think
about it. Boom. That's converted. That
looks nice. Now let's turn these into
TypeScript objects. This I'll do a macro
for qw and then go I to go to the start
bracket name colon and then quotes. And
now I'm going to go f and then another
quote and then a comma. in here. Let's
do hex colon. Great thing is this is
already a format string in Typescript.
So I don't have to do anything else. I
can just simply close that. Add a comma.
And let's just hit a capital Q to verify
that worked. That's to rerun the last
recorded macro if you didn't know. So
I'll go capital V and then to the bottom
and then Q. And that'll run it on every
line. So that looks great. But the
formatting is hideous. That's okay
though because I'll delete it. I'll go
into our spelt. Now, let's open a script
tag. I have a snippet to do that. Type
script for short. const colors equals.
And then we'll paste it in there. For
some reason, it didn't uh put me to the
bottom, but that's okay. I can get there
myself. Let's do shift O to create a
line above. And then close that. And now
I can do space language format. Boom.
That looks much better. Now, let's uh
start going through these. The way I'm
going to do that is with a div. So I can
do div dot and then we'll make this a
grid. Control Y to expand it emit. And
now I'm going to go back here and say
grid
rows. Um let's do four grid calls six.
Just making it a nice gap of two. So now
change inside the tags and let's add a
spelt each loop. each ctrl E to expand
and then colors and then Ctrl J to jump
to the next thing as color and now Ctrl
J to jump to the next thing again. I
have a button that's standard styles
button std also as a snippet because I
do this so much and then let's jump to
the next thing and let's just go bracket
and then
color.name. So then they should all be
in there but the problem is they're not
going to yet have any color on them. So
to do that, I'm going to go to the end
here. F to that little guy and then
style equals. We'll open up a bracket
and then go quote background color
colon. Not doing it in tail end just cuz
I don't want to mess with the safe list.
Close that. And then let's do Oh, I need
a space there. I'll throw a huge error.
Plus color.hex.
And then let's close that. And we should
be pretty much good to go. That looks
like a nice little thing. I'm not going
to add functionality to it because they
didn't give me a clear enough um thing
and I want to teach them a lesson. You
thought this video would end quickly
because Vim is really hard to remember,
but I don't forget Vim commands. I came
out of the womb using Vim. I know all of
them. I'm ending this on purpose because
I want people to think that it's one of
those

