Title: Svelte + Neovim setup
Video ID: Quw43NHvtps
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Quw43NHvtps

We have a lot of Vim content and a lot
of spelt content on YouTube, but no real
video that ties them both together. So,
I wanted to make a real quick going over
my setup video. Um, and this is going to
be kind of high level. I'm going to
assume you know basic Neoim package
managers. I'm using um Mason and LSP
config to get most of this working. no
formatterater um plugin, just the
default Mason formatter installer. Um
and that's pretty much it.
And I won't do any like super advanced
felt or anything. This is just my setup,
but uh show don't tell, right? So I have
this empty spelt file. I've got
completion like the standard LSP stuff.
Um so if I open up a script, you can see
I just type TS and hit control E for
expand. Um, that's that's my main
snippet really. And I can start typing
and get a nice little
completion. Um, and then I've got
snippets for each, which is uh something
in spelt. So if I had like an array
um of five
things, actually I'm going to do in Vim
5 a
test, close and then I'll have a nice
little array. And then I could do
each R
as A and then in here just render A. And
then we should see on the preview a gets
rendered a few times. Very nice. Um, and
then I've got one for if
too. And I've got one for
await. So that's
solid. Um, and I'm also in here running
Tailwind, of course, because everyone
does that now. So, if I have a div,
which I can also just type each one and
then expand, um, then I could start
putting on, you know, text red 300 text
for
3XL. Um, and then,
hey, we should see that reflected.
Beautiful. So, that's all good. Then
I've also got the um the EMTT snippets.
If you don't know about these, these are
very powerful. They're in pretty much
every HTML modern IDE. So what you can
do is say that I want a body with a main
function or tag body main and then in
there I want an unordered list and in
that list I want 10 list items. So I can
do that with these kind of like brackets
going into each other. And if I hit
control Y it'll expand all of that. So
that's very nice. Uh if you don't know
the basic Vim tag motions it's also
great to know those. So, if I want to
select this main, I can do V around tag.
Um, select that just like that. Um, and
then there's V inside of tag, too, of
course. And you can use change and
delete, same as other motions. Uh, so
that's all well and good. There's one
problem you'll run into most likely, and
that's in spelt um in some other
languages like Vue, I think, or not
languages, but you know what I mean. um
you have like a library file that's just
JavaScript or TypeScript and then you
have your main spelt or view or whatever
file and you get this issue sometimes if
you declare a variable in the um the
library file like for me it's an
index.js JS. Um, this is this is some
other project I was working on.
Um, but when you try to change a
variable and then reimpport it in this
felt, sometimes the variable will be
correctly changed and you can use it,
but your IDE will throw some errors. I
fixed it, so I can't really show that
here, but it's like missing import and
it it's finding it all correctly. It's
just like a false error. And that's
because the language servers felt um and
Typescript language servers sometimes
don't know how to talk to each other.
And I solved that through this GitHub
issue I
found in this is my LSP config. So if I
jump to spelt, you can create this
little auto command um for post buffer
write and just for JavaScript and
TypeScript. And what it does is it sends
this dollar sign slash onid change ts
orjs file um and it I'm not exactly sure
how that API works but it it syncs them
up so you don't get that which is just
kind of a little annoying thing that you
can see pop up
occasionally. Um that's pretty much it.
Specific language servers I'm using are
I think LSP info will show
that. Yes.
um the spelt the tail and CSS
um TypeScript language server and that's
pretty much it.
One more thing that's nice if you're uh
in a team with people who are against
Tailwind and those people are out there
unfortunately
um but you're like me and you've used so
much Tailwind you can't do normal CSS
anymore then there's this cool plugin
called
um I think it's
[Music]
twwcs and it lets you just type Tailwind
in a CSS block um and then it'll expand
it to normal CSS which is kind of sad
that um that we've come to that but you
know it is what it is. So if I type
style and I want to make all these
um these
H1 behave like I don't know I want them
all to be bold. Um instead of instead of
like typing out whatever the CSS
equivalent, I can type font bold and
then type Y and it'll expand it for me
through that little uh completion
plugin.
Um, and over over a long term, I guess
I'd maybe get used to CSS again, but I'm
never going to do that just because
Tailwind is so fast. Um, but yeah,
hopefully you got something out of that.
Um, feel free to comment. I'll try to
help you out if you're struggling. And
if you need a more basic support and
you've watched this far in the video,
it's kind of impressive that you have
that kind of attention span for
complicated stuff. And I would go check
out the Primagen. He has a good uh Vim
LSP setup tutorial. Uh yeah, cheers.

