Title: The drawbacks of vim
Video ID: HbjlrYqfKR0
URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbjlrYqfKR0

there are a couple of huge drawbacks
that come with using Vim that don't get
talked about all that much by the Vim
enthusiasts out there well the first one
does I would say once you use Vim it's
like opium you can't really unuse Vim
you want to use it everywhere like in
Google Docs in the browser on your phone
you're thinking like if I hit F and J on
the phone to go around in a text message
is that like would that give me the same
feeling or would that just be kind of
ridiculous and it just consumes your
life all you can think about is vim and
all you want to use is vim when you're
walking around on the street sometimes
I'm like man it's like taking me forever
to get over to this place like if I
could just hit capital G to go
completely to the bottom of the street
that would save me a bunch of time and
that's one that's one downside of it but
that's like saying oh it's so good that
like you'll want to use it everywhere
not really a downside the real other
downside I found is some people who are
serious Vim users and they become
serious Vim users like early on in their
Development Career kind of let Vim be
their development skill and they're like
really really good at vim and they have
a crazy tricked out config kind of like
me actually um but actually like don't
know that much code don't know how to
code that well and like they've made a
couple of things and they understand
like basic programming because of Lua
but they have these crazy configurations
I'm I'm pretty much talking about myself
here to be clear um but actually I'm
like not very good at coding I'm just
really good at vim and that's great for
me and my like personal wellbe but if
you want to make like an impact on the
world no one really cares like how fast
you're flying through code I mean it's
good for you I just think don't let
don't let yourself be distracted by how
good Vim is and how good your workflow
is if you're not actually doing work
like in order for a workflow to to flow
you need work for it to flow
over um that's just my two cents on that

